{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Beginning:
\b0 \
\
You, Queen Shelly start at Queen Castle.  You are accompanied by Lucky, your unicorn, and Clarence, your loyal cat.  Lucky\'92s mail-delivering magic starts to happen.  A letter appears!\
 You take the letter from Lucky and open it.  \
\
Dear Sparkle Queen Shelly,\
\
Strange magical energy is coming from the Glowing Forest.  The energy seems to be turning things into fish if they get too close!  Can you find out the source of the energy?  The castle detectives and I are working on it, but we haven\'92t figured it out yet.  \
\
Sincerely,  Isanna, former Sparkle Queen.\
\
The Glowing Forest is legendary and treacherous in your kingdom.  Those few who have entered it never seem to return!\
\
Do you go to: 
\b  The Glowing Forest 
\b0  or  I
\b sanna\'92s House\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Isanna\'92s House
\b0 \
\
You walk into the meadow, and take the well-worn path toward your friend Isanna\'92s house.  It is not a very long walk.  When you get there, you knock on the door.  A peephole opens and you can see Isanna\'92s eye through it.  She opens the door, and you step inside.  Several strange-looking contraptions fill the room.  You did not know that Isanna was an inventor!  \
\
\'93What are all of these for?\'94  you ask, gesturing toward the contraptions.\
\
\'93These are some of the devices I\'92ve been using to try to figure out the source of the forest energy,\'94 she replies.  \'93As I said in my letter, I haven\'92t figured anything out.  Do you want to investigate the forest with me?\'94  \
\

\b Go by yourself
\b0 \'97> 
\b The Glowing Forest
\b0 \
\

\b Go with Isanna
\b0 \
	\'93It seems like a great idea to work together,\'94 you say.  You and Isanna head off toward Shadow Lane, the road that leads toward and through the Glowing Forest.  The castle detectives are prowling around the edges of the forest, not getting too close.  An isolated tree sits alone, off to one side of the path.\
\
	I
\b nvestigate the tree
\b0 \
	\
	
\b Ask Isanna to investigate the tree
\b0 \
	You ask Isanna to take a look at the isolated tree.  She walks over to it and comes back with a book in her hands.  \'93What did you find?\'94  you ask.  \'93I believe this is the Book of Truth, one of the artifacts that has long been thought to be lost,\'94 she replies.  \'93Its pages appear to be blank, but in the right conditions, they contain helpful information.\'94\
\
	
\b Continue into the forest with Isanna
\b0 \
	\
	Feeling a little nervous, you and Isanna step into the forest.  The leaves close around you, and a magnificent obsidian castle appears in front of you!  This is not what you thought you\'92d see in the midst of a dense woodland.  On one side of the castle, an elaborate hedge maze stretches for a long distance.  Isanna asks, \'93Should we go up to the front door, or tackle that maze?\'94\
\
	
\b Front Door
\b0 \
		Bravely, you and Isanna step up to the front door of the castle.  You knock loudly on the big door and it makes a hollow sound. The door swings open, seemingly by itself!  The main hall is lit with torches of bright blue flame.  You follow this large passage until you arrive in a grand throne room!\
	A huge crystal throne on a platform is sitting in the middle of the room.   A queen is seated on the throne.  She is wearing a dark purple dress encrusted with emeralds.  \'93What is your business here?\'94  she asks haughtily.\

\b \
Ask her about the forest energy\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \'93We are here to try to find the source of the strange energy coming from the forest,\'94 you say.  \
\'93You must mean MY GLOW ENERGY,\'94 says the queen.  \'93And I am going to use it to turn you into a fish!\'94  Before you and Isanna can react, energy flies from her ring, and she turns you both into fish.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Ask her who she is
\b0 \
	You stand up your straightest and declare, \'93I am Sparkle Queen Shelly of Sparkle Landia, and this is my friend former Sparkle Queen Isanna.  And who are you?\'94\
	She looks slightly amused.  \'93I am Glow Queen Jade, ruler of the Glow Kingdom.  I enjoy having lots of fish around.   And perhaps it is time I had a couple more of them!\'94\
\
	She waves her hand in the air.  Glowing energy comes from an amethyst ring on her finger.  You and Isanna combine your sparkle powers to try to protect yourselves from this unknown magic.  The energy from the ring is dissolved by the sparkle shield.  \
\
	Queen Jade looks irritated, but not completely surprised.  \
\
	\'93What were you trying to do to us with your ring?\'94 asks Isanna.\
\
	\'93This old thing?\'94  she replies.  \
\
	\'93Yes, that old thing that you tried to attack us with,\'94 you say with more bravery than you feel.\
\
	\'93Well, you may recall that I said I like fish.  I was going to turn the two of you into a couple of them.  And maybe I still will, if you get on my nerves!\'94\
\
	You and Isanna exchange slightly alarmed glances.  Your combined magic is exponentially stronger than either of your magic would be alone, but the queen apparently does not know this.  \
\
	
\b Ask the queen about the maze
\b0 \
\
\'93We didn\'92t mean to trespass,\'94 you say diplomatically, \'93But we noticed there was a maze around the side of the castle, and didn\'92t think it looked too easy to solve.  Is that your maze?\'94\
\
\'93Of course it is,\'94 Jade replies.  \'93\
\
	
\b Try to leave the castle and go back to the forest
\b0 \
\
\'93We are sorry to have bothered you, and we\'92ll be going now!\'94 you say.  It\'92s a little scary to turn your back on this lady who just tried to turn you into a fish, but you and Isanna back hastily out of the room, run down the hall, and out of the door.  Before you know it, you\'92re in the maze.\
\
Turn Left\
Turn Right\
Ask Isanna which way to go\
\
\

\b The Glowing Forest:
\b0 \
\
You step toward Shadow Lane, the road that leads toward and through the Glowing Forest.  In the distance, you can make out the shapes of the castle detectives.  They must be going to the forest too. As you reach the edge of the Glowing Forest, which is glowing as it always does.  The detectives are nearby, staying at the edges of the forest and not getting too close.   \
\

\b Head into the forest
\b0 \
Feeling a little nervous,  you step into the forest.  As the leaves close around you, a magnificent obsidian castle appears in front of you!  This is not something you expected to find in a dense woodland.  On one side of the castle, an elaborate hedge maze stretches for a long distance.  \
\

\b Investigate an isolated tree
\b0 \
You step closer to an isolated tree.  A short, round branch is sticking out of the trunk at just about your height.  There are no other trees nearby.  You reach out and tug gently on the round branch, which looks a bit like a knob.  A door in the tree swings open and a book falls out!\
\
	
\b Pick up the book
\b0 \
	Feeling a little nervous, you pick up the heavy book.  The hard cover is solid black.  You open the book to a random place, and the pages are blank.  You slip the book into your satchel and continue heading toward the forest.  \
\
	
\b Put the book back into the tree
\b0 \
	This book must belong to someone, and you\'92re not that someone.  You pick it up, put it back into the tree, and close the door.  \
\
\
\
\

\b Investigate the Maze
\b0 \
	 You make your way closer to the maze.  It is a marvel of pruning and must encompass several acres.  You step inside and a wall of hedge seems to rise behind you.  Well, you came into the maze, so I guess you\'92ll be walking around in here for a while.\
\
	
\b Turn Left
\b0 \
		You follow the greenery for a while to the left. Then you reach another fork in the path.\
\
	
\b Turn Right
\b0 \
		You follow the greenery for a while to the right.  Then you reach another fork in the path.\
\
	
\b Try to climb the hedge
\b0 \
		You scramble at the branches and try to climb.  It\'92s pretty much impossible.  There\'92s nowhere here to attach a rope.  (Unless you had a rope!)	\
	
\b Try to dig
\b0 \
		You scratch at the soil.  This would be easier if you had a shovel!  (But as you scratch, you find an old, thick rope!  You put it in your satchel.)\
\
You throw the rope over the hedge and successfully climb out of the maze.  The forest looks much more disorganized now that you\'92re out of that maze.  As your eyes become accustomed to the dimmer light,  you see a woman in a dark turquoise gown with purple lace trimmings just ahead of you.  She is wearing a long emerald necklace that goes down to the center of her chest. \
\
	\'93Hello, what are you doing here?\'94 she asks gently, with the accent of someone who is not from Sparkle Landia.\
	\
	
\b Tell her the trut
\b0 h\
	\'93I\'92m looking for the source of the glow magic in this forest,\'94 you say.  \
	\'93You mean the ring of magic?\'94  she replies.  \
	\'93Where is it?\'94 you ask.  \'93I don\'92t want objects in my kingdom to keep getting turned into fish.\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94 she says, \'93Queen Jade has the ring of magic on her finger, but she certainly doesn\'92t want to give it up.\'94  \
	\'93Can anything rival its power?\'94  you ask.\
	\'93If you can find the legendary Diadem of Hope, you might be able to whisk it away from her,\'94 says the woman.  \'93I\'92m Fortessa, nice to meet you.  The Diadem was stolen from my people long ago, and we have been under the command of Queen Jade ever since.\'94\
	\'93Any ideas where the Diadem has gotten off to?\'94  you ask.\
	\'93It\'92s somewhere in this forest, but no one knows where,\'94 she replies.  \'93I have this crystal ball, it hasn\'92t done me any good, but maybe it will work for you.\'94  She hands you the crystal ball.\
\
	You take the ball and look at it.  At first you see only swirling mists inside of it, but the letters \'93HARMONY HOLLOW\'94 gradually appear.\
\
	\'93Harmony Hollow?\'94 you wonder aloud.  \'93Where could that be?\'94\
\
	\'93That\'92s what the Queen calls the center of the maze,\'94 says Fortessa.  \'93But you would have to be pretty careful, because there\'92s also a bottomless pit.\'94\
\
	
\b Go back into the maze
\b0 \
Reluctantly, you turn and push your way back through the shrubbery into the maze.  \
\

\b Turn right
\b0 \
You turn to the right and continue until you find another fork in the path.\
\

\b Turn left
\b0 \
You turn to the left and continue until you find another fork in the path.\
\
You seem to be in the middle of the maze. Two cave openings are in front of you!  To the left, a larger cave entrance opens wide.  To the right, a smaller, sparklier cave opens.\
\
	
\b Cave to the right\
		
\b0 You cautiously step into the cave.  You use your sparkle magic to light things up a little in here.  Soon the path opens a bit wider and you see a flower crown sitting on a table in front of you.  This must be the Diadem!  You pick it up and put it in your satchel.\
\
	
\b Go back to the castle
\b0 \
	You make your way back out of the maze and hike back up to the main entrance of the castle.   You knock on the front door.  It swings open just as before and you take the same path toward the Queen\'92s throne room.  You arrive in the throne room and once again face Queen Jade.\
	\
\'93What do you want this time?\'94  Queen Jade asks warily.\
\
You rub the ball, put on the diadem, and start reading the book, which now has writing on the pages.  The ring flies off her finger and drops between the pages of the book.\
\
\'93Oh no!\'94  says the Queen.  \'93The glow energy is destroyed!\'94  As she says this, the roof of the palace flies off in a shower of obsidian.  You close your eyes as the pieces of rock go flying.  When you open them again, the palace and Queen Jade are nowhere to be seen.  Fortessa comes running toward you.  \'93You found all the artifacts!  Congratulations!\'94  \
\
You can\'92t wait to go show them to Isanna, and tell her all about it.  THE END.\
\
\
	
\b Examine the book, ball, and Diadem to see if you can figure out how to use them
\b0 \
You open the book to see if the pages are still blank.  They are.  You look into the ball, and it shows a picture of rubbing the ball, wearing the Diadem, and reading the book, and the ring being sucked into the book.  Guess this is how the artifacts work!\
\

\b Go back to the castle, without having the book or looking at the crystal ball
\b0 \
\
You make your way back out of the maze and hike back up to the main entrance of the castle.   You knock on the front door.  It swings open just as before and you take the same path toward the Queen\'92s throne room.  You arrive in the throne room and once again face Queen Jade.\
	\
\'93What do you want this time?\'94  Queen Jade asks warily.\
\
\'93I\'92m here to take your ring!\'94 you say, putting the diadem on your head and waving the crystal ball.  But nothing happens.  Queen Jade points her ring at you and turns you into a fish.\
\

\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
	
\b Cave to the left
\b0 \
		You cautiously step into the cave\'85 and fall into a bottomless pit.  Better luck next time! \
	\
\
\
	
\b Make up some nonsense about testing out the maze
\b0 \
	\'93I was testing out this maze, to see if it was difficult enough,\'94 you state as convincingly as you can.\
	She raises an eyebrow at you.  \'93The maze has been quite thoroughly tested, and many have been lost in it.  You are lucky to have escaped.  But maybe I should report you to the Queen.\'94\
	\'93The queen already knows I\'92m here!\'94 you say, trying to sound convincing.\
	\'93I might go ask her and try to make sure of that,\'94 the turquoise-dressed woman says.  She backs away.  Before you know it, you\'92re back in the maze.. and this time, you can\'92t find the way out.\
		\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Try to go in the front door of the Obsidian Castle 
\b0 \
	\
	Bravely, you step up to the front door of the castle.  You knock loudly on the big door and it makes a hollow sound. The door swings open, seemingly by itself!  The main hall is lit with torches of bright blue flame.  You follow this large passage until you arrive in a grand throne room!\
	A huge crystal throne on a platform is sitting in the middle of the room.   A queen is seated on the throne.  She is wearing a dark purple dress encrusted with emeralds.  \'93What is your business here?\'94  she asks haughtily.\
\

\b Ask her about the forest energy
\b0 \
\
\'93I am here to try to find the source of the strange energy coming from the forest,\'94 you say.  \
\'93You must mean MY GLOW ENERGY,\'94 says the queen.  \'93And I am going to use it to turn you into a fish!\'94  Before you can react, energy flies from her ring, and she turns you into a fish.\

\b \
Ask her who she is
\b0 \
	You stand up your straightest and declare, \'93I am Sparkle Queen Shelly of Sparkle Landia.  And who are you?\'94\
	She looks slightly amused.  \'93I am Glow Queen Jade, ruler of the Glow Kingdom.  I enjoy having lots of fish around.   And perhaps it is time I had another one!\'94\
\
	She waves her hand in the air.  Glowing energy comes from an amethyst ring on her finger.  Suddenly you are a fish!\
\
\
\
\
}